This Disclaimer ("Disclaimer") applies to all users ("Users") of the Wcode software ("Software"). Please read the terms of this Disclaimer carefully before using the Software. By downloading, installing, using, or otherwise accessing the Software, you agree to comply with all the terms of this Disclaimer. If you do not agree to any terms of this Disclaimer, do not use the Software.

Legal Responsibility
Users agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations while using the Software. Users expressly understand and agree that they are solely responsible for all acts and omissions associated with their use of the Software, including but not limited to any legal liability incurred from the use of the Software.

Non-Open Source Statement
Users understand and acknowledge that the Software is not open-source software. Wcode reserves all intellectual property rights in the Software, including copyrights, trademarks, patents, and all other related rights.

Data Collection
Wcode declares that it does not actively collect any data from Users. The Software is designed to ensure no collection of personal information or usage data from Users.

Data Storage
Users understand and agree that all data generated by the Software is stored on the User's local device. Wcode does not access, store, or transmit User's local data.

WeChat Login and Cookie Data
Cookie data generated during the WeChat login process by the Software will be encrypted to ensure it is not visible. Wcode will not decrypt or use these Cookie data in any form.

Prohibition of Data Trafficking
Users are strictly prohibited from selling, trading, sharing, or disclosing WeChat Cookie data and any WeChat-related personal information or citizen privacy data during the use of the Software. Violation of this term will be subject to legal action.

Interface Usage
Wcode declares that, except for interfaces related to monetary transactions, all other interfaces of the Software are open to Users. Users must comply with all the terms and conditions of this Disclaimer when using these interfaces.

Disclaimer of Warranty
Wcode explicitly disclaims any warranty for the Software, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Wcode will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages resulting from the use or inability to use the Software. Users understand and agree that Wcode is not responsible for the availability of third-party websites or resources.

Governing Law
This Disclaimer shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the User's country/region. If the User's use of the Software is not in compliance with the laws of the User's country/region, the User shall bear all responsibility, and Wcode will not be liable.

Revisions
Wcode reserves the right to revise this Disclaimer at any time, and the revised Disclaimer will be effective upon posting on the Software or Wcode's website. Continued use of the Software by the User will be considered acceptance of the revised Disclaimer.

Contact Us
If Users have any questions about this Disclaimer, please contact us using the contact information provided by Wcode.

This Disclaimer was last updated on [Last Updated Date].

© Wcode. All rights reserved.

